Alright. In this lesson, we are going to
stand up a little web application. So a
lot of stuff that we've already covered.
I was going to do it as assignment but I
changed my mind.
And we're just gonna do it as a code
review to go through this because I'm
gonna show a couple of new things here.
And I did run into one problem here.
Right now, I am on Spring Boot milestone 4
and that broke some things. I'll show
you the requests here in Chrome. Right
now with Spring WebFlux, I wanna do
this reactively and that broke Spring
Boot WebFlux with Thymeleaf. But make a
long story short, it is fixed in
3.0.8-snapshot. So I've updated our POM to
use a SNAPSHOT version. Right now, I
am recording this at the middle of
September and Spring Boot is gonna be
coming out with additional version. So
this is going to get fixed. So later on I am
gonna update the source code to not
be using the SNAPSHOT version once this
matures a little bit more. But I wanna
point out right now, that I am on a
SNAPSHOT version. So I had to add this
in. Also, we added in a snapshot
repository. So I am going to remove that
in the near future once this stabilizes.
But, let's go through the little bit of a
code review here. I added in two pages,
and then two pages here. And let's go
ahead and take a look at this in Chrome.
Of course, it's gonna open a different
window. So we have a basic form here. And
just, it's a numeric field and we
Submit it. So this is gonna be the limit
on that API call. Let's go back over to
IntelliJ now and look at the other
userlist. Go ahead and bring this up in
Chrome as well.
Drag it over for us and we can see that
just set up a table here we're gonna
just show First Name, Last Name, Gender,
Email, Language and the Phone number that
comes back. So these are the Thymeleaf
templates that I've set up for our use.
Gonna be checked into GitHub for you to
check out. And now, let's come over and
take a look at the UserController. Now,
things change a little bit as far as
getting the form parameters. And right
now, I am doing something bad here on
line 37. We're gonna refactor this in an
upcoming video. But this here is gonna
go out and get the form data and block.
So we're getting the serverWebExchange
and getting form data. Now you
remember, we used to use the request
parameters that is a Spring MVC. Now we
need to get a hold of the form data from
the ServerWebExchange. This is the
reactive way of doing this. And that's
gonna get or limit parameter from the
form. And we could see that I'm now
injecting the ApiService. Now to test
this, okay introducing a couple things
here as well. This is actually an
integration test. So we are running it
with a SpringRunner and the SpringBootTest. The reason I did this is right now
I need to bring it up this way so I get
the Thymeleaf template engine
wired in and all set up for the testing.
And now, let's go ahead and run this and
I'll show you what happens. And we can
see that I'm getting a lot of chatter
there. The Spring Boot context is coming
up. So the Spring Boot is starting up the
Spring context. And at this time, we're
actually going out and invoking the web
server. So we're not using any Mocks here.
This is an actual integration test. So
we're going out and
exercising that API so if that API ever
goes down these tests will start to fail.
So normally, I would like to do this with
some type of mocks or I could wire in
and create a custom context for this. But
for the purposes of this and where we're
at on the course, I think this is fine to
show you a good integration test. So
now, it's coming in and will actually run
the application. Go ahead and start that
up. You can see we're up on 8080. And you
can see that I am running Netty because
we are at running reactively. So let's go
ahead and refresh this. And I'll put in 8
here for the number of users to display.
And we can see that I go out and then
seems like we always get one extra one
from this API from the limit. So
let's go ahead and refresh that. And it's
gonna do the form post again. You can
see that every time we're getting a
different set of data from that API.
Kind of neat how things change up a
little bit. But that is telling us that
it's going out to the API and coming
back. Now a couple things that I'm going
to show you coming up in the course, if
you're looking at how has wired up this
controller here, obviously we do not wanna
be blocking like this. We can do this
fully reactively. And I'm gonna show you
coming up, we will refactor this and get
this whole reactive exchange from the
API to Thymeleaf. We'll do that all
reactively and we will be refactoring
this. So it should be a cool little
example for us to work through.